backlog.md, before:

# Backlog

1. Produce the index page
1. Produce a poll page
1. Produce a results graph per poll
1. Produce a seats graph per poll
1. Add a coalitions results table to the poll page
1. Add a coalitions seats table to the poll page
1. Produce a coalitions results graph per poll
1. Produce a coalitions seats graph per poll
1. Add a graph with the probability per number of seats and the accumulation
   + Bars for the probability per number of seats
   + A line showing the accumulation
   + Mark last election's result
   + Mark accumulation crossing 50%
   + Mark the 80%, 90%, 95% and 99% confidence intervals
1. Add a page explaining the methodology
   + Projecting national results on electoral districts
   + Weighted Monte Carlo simulations
   + Calculation of the error estimate
   + Concept of a confidence interval
   + Seat probabilities not following a bell curve, and the accumulation column
1. Add a legend to the graph with the voting intentions explaining the filled
   and the hatched areas and the red line
1. Add a legend to the graph with the seat projections intentions explaining the
   filled and the hatched areas and the red line
1. Add last election's results to the graph with the voting intentions
   (including its legend)
1. Add last election's results to the graph with the seat projections (including
   its legend)
1. Mark the last election's result in the seat probabilities table
1. Add an overview page for each pollster
1. Add an overview page for each medium
1. Produce an average over the last *n* opinion polls, but only retain the last
   poll for each pollster
1. Move the full table to a separate page, and keep only the average and a
   limited set of opinion polls on the home page
1. Better sorting in the overview tables: first by end date, then by start date,
   then by pollster name
1. Add a table with the probability per percentage for the voting intentions
1. Add a graph with the probability per percentage for the voting intentions

Commit message:

Added ticks for the median to the backlog

backlog.md, after:

# Backlog

1. Produce the index page
1. Produce a poll page
1. Produce a voting intentions graph per poll
1. Produce a seats graph per poll
1. Mark the median in the graph with the voting intentions with two outward ticks
   or a line
1. Mark the median in the graph with the seat projections with two outward ticks
   or a line
1. Add a coalitions results table to the poll page
1. Add a coalitions seats table to the poll page
1. Produce a coalitions results graph per poll
1. Produce a coalitions seats graph per poll
1. Add a graph with the probability per number of seats and the accumulation
   + Bars for the probability per number of seats
   + A line showing the accumulation
   + Mark last election's result
   + Mark accumulation crossing 50%
   + Mark the 80%, 90%, 95% and 99% confidence intervals
1. Add a page explaining the methodology
   + Projecting national results on electoral districts
   + Weighted Monte Carlo simulations
   + Calculation of the error estimate
   + Concept of a confidence interval
   + Seat probabilities not following a bell curve, and the accumulation column
1. Add a legend to the graph with the voting intentions explaining the filled
   and the hatched areas and the red line
1. Add a legend to the graph with the seat projections intentions explaining the
   filled and the hatched areas and the red line
1. Add last election's results to the graph with the voting intentions
   (including its legend)
1. Add last election's results to the graph with the seat projections (including
   its legend)
1. Mark the last election's result in the seat probabilities table
1. Add an overview page for each pollster
1. Add an overview page for each medium
1. Produce an average over the last *n* opinion polls, but only retain the last
   poll for each pollster
1. Move the full table to a separate page, and keep only the average and a
   limited set of opinion polls on the home page
1. Better sorting in the overview tables: first by end date, then by start date,
   then by pollster name
1. Add a table with the probability per percentage for the voting intentions
1. Add a graph with the probability per percentage for the voting intentions
