resources.md, before:

# Resources

## Resources Used to Create This Site

The following resources have been consulted in order to create this site:

+ Wikipedia page with opinion polls: "[Opinion polling for the next Belgian federal election](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Opinion_polling_for_the_next_Belgian_federal_election)"
+ Detailed 2014 election results on Wikipedia: "[Belgian regional elections, 2014 – Results](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belgian_regional_elections,_2014#Results)"
+ Detailed 2014 election results by the Flemish government: "[Verkiezingen Vlaams Parlement 2014](http://www.vlaanderenkiest.be/verkiezingen2014/)"
+ Detailed 2014 election results by the Belgian government: "[Elections 2014 – Flemish Parliament](http://polling2014.belgium.be/en/vla/results/results_start.html)"

## Similar Websites

The following websites provide similar information to this website:

+ [Electograph – Belgium](http://www.electograph.com/search/label/Belgium)

## Other Resources

+ The Twitter feed for this site: [@belpolls](https://twitter.com/belpolls)
+ The GitHub project for this site: [filipvanlaenen/flemish_polls](https://github.com/filipvanlaenen/flemish_polls)

## Sister Websites

+ [Belgian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/belgian_polls/)
+ [British Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/british_polls/)
+ [Catalonian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/catalonian_polls/)
+ [Icelandic Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/icelandic_polls/)
+ [Norwegian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/norwegian_polls/)
+ [Walloon Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/walloon_polls/)

Commit message:

Added a link to the Atom feed

resources.md, after:

# Resources

## Resources Used to Create This Site

The following resources have been consulted in order to create this site:

+ Wikipedia page with opinion polls: "[Opinion polling for the next Belgian federal election](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Opinion_polling_for_the_next_Belgian_federal_election)"
+ Detailed 2014 election results on Wikipedia: "[Belgian regional elections, 2014 – Results](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belgian_regional_elections,_2014#Results)"
+ Detailed 2014 election results by the Flemish government: "[Verkiezingen Vlaams Parlement 2014](http://www.vlaanderenkiest.be/verkiezingen2014/)"
+ Detailed 2014 election results by the Belgian government: "[Elections 2014 – Flemish Parliament](http://polling2014.belgium.be/en/vla/results/results_start.html)"

## Similar Websites

The following websites provide similar information to this website:

+ [Electograph – Belgium](http://www.electograph.com/search/label/Belgium)

## Other Resources

+ The Twitter feed for this site: [@belpolls](https://twitter.com/belpolls)
+ The Atom feed for this site: [atom.xml](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/flemish_polls/atom.xml)
+ The GitHub project for this site: [filipvanlaenen/flemish_polls](https://github.com/filipvanlaenen/flemish_polls)

## Sister Websites

+ [Belgian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/belgian_polls/)
+ [British Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/british_polls/)
+ [Catalonian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/catalonian_polls/)
+ [Icelandic Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/icelandic_polls/)
+ [Norwegian Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/norwegian_polls/)
+ [Walloon Polls](https://filipvanlaenen.github.io/walloon_polls/)
